Yeah, it really depends. Some students don't take on any loans. Eso You
know, some students who are going Teoh, a program that fully funds
them and provides for low cost housing and stipends. And things like
that may not have to take out any loans at all to go to graduate school.
And so they will emerge from graduate school completely debt
free. Other students do have to take out loans. Onda again. How much
they have to take out in loans just really depends on a lot of different
factors, you know, oftentimes, including where they're living
in the country. So if you're going to graduate school in Kansas, for
instance, your cost of living, just you know how much it costs to,
like buy groceries or rent an apartment is probably going to be significantly
less than if you were going to graduate school in Los Angeles,
California. Um, so there's a lot of different factors that are
gonna affect this. And so it's really hard to say that, you know, the
average PhD student goes this much into debt because it's very individualized.
Personally, I have a lot of friends that have gone, you
know, they have Ph. D s. Andi. I know a couple of them who didn't incur
any debt going through their PhD. I also know a couple of them
that air literally to this day. Still paying off student loans. Eso
it really just depends.